docs: clarify save migration policy (#591)
bylapidist/colony: AGENTS.md

    `docs/performance.md` with the new numbers so future runs have an accurate baseline.

## Save Format and Serialization

> Whenever creating a PR, add a new save version and migration. Every PR except documentation must have a new save migration.

Author: ```suggestion
Whenever creating a PR, add a new save version and migration. Every PR must have a new save migration, unless they only change documentation.
```

    `docs/performance.md` with the new numbers so future runs have an accurate baseline.

## Save Format and Serialization

> Whenever a PR changes save formats or Kryo serialization, add a new save version and migration.

Author: ```suggestion
Whenever creating a PR, add a new save version and migration. Every PR except documentation must have a new save migration.
```

> Each PR must introduce its own migration. Follow these steps:

Author: ```suggestion
```
